This Read give you the view of the help desk role and what they do.




1.What role does the help desk professional play within an organization, particularly in relation to customers?
The help desk professional is often the “face” of the IT staff that customers see and, right or wrong, customers often make judgments about the entire organization based on their interactions with a help desk professional.
With this in mind, it’s important for help desk professionals to understand their role within the organization and especially their role to customers. In additional to having a strong set of technical skills, help desk technicians also need to have a strong set of soft skills.

2.The article differentiates between hard and soft skills. In your culture or community, are there specific skills that are highly valued? How do they compare to the skills mentioned in the article?
Hard skills are specific, measurable skills such as configuring and troubleshooting systems. Soft skills refer to the ability to communicate effectively with others. In short, hard skills can often get you an interview while soft skills can get you the job. After landing any technical job, a good mix of both hard and soft skills help individuals move up into higher-level positions. In contrast, a lack of a mix of skills in both skillsets either prevents people from getting jobs or keeps them stuck in the same position much longer than personnel with a good mix of hard and soft skills.

3.Why have security skills become more important in recent years for help desk technicians?
Attackers and criminals are constantly waging attacks on individuals and organizations of all sizes. For example, malware is a common threat and technicians need to be able to recognize malware symptoms and resolve them. Employees that understand the relationship between vulnerabilities, threats, and risks are much more likely to recognize attacks when they occur. Additionally, these employees are much more likely to understand and readily comply with an organizations security policies. 

4.How do writing skills and critical thinking skills play a vital role in the work of help desk technicians?
 Superior written communication is one of the most important soft skills for help desk technicians, especially in organizations that use a searchable knowledge base. Technicians and administrators use these systems to search for common problems and how to resolve them. In order for this database to be useful, support technicians must document their actions after they resolve a problem, and so strong writing skills are important.


https://www.pearsonitcertification.com/articles/article.aspx?p=2260779&seqNum=5
